And now we will talk about ...
Sorry, you talk.
Now let's talk about José Mourinho. In general, do you think he will leave after the season?
Dude, I hope, Mourinho is a shame for football.
You're right. We'll see if it finally goes away, we'll be able to focus on what really interests us, how ...
Yes, as Mou will leave, we will be able to talk about ...
What have we talked about so far?
About the quarrel between Mou and Cristiano.
And about the bad relationship between Mou and Casillasem.
And that Mou does not bet on conferences after matches.
We can not let him go away! There is only one solution ...
Barça players must stop winning. I'm sorry!
Hurry up, because Socios of Madrid have already answered in the poll whether Mou is to stay or not.
Lece !!!
This year there will be elections and I have to win them.
That's why I need to know the opinion of socios. I want to organize a telephone survey, and you will help me with this.
Why me? I am an objective journalist. My only patron is to love the truth.
I do not address Roncero a journalist, but to Roncero a madridista.
Can you deny a favor to the President of Madrid Rrrreal?
How? How can I be here to serve the greatest club in the history of football!
What should I ask you, President?
Ask them if they want me to release Mourinho.
I can answer that. It can not be that a club like Real Madrid loses one thousand points to Barça!
But if we win the Champions League ...
La Décima! Then Mou for the rest of my life!
But we can not lose the league in the first round!
Of course! If we win Décima, Mou, you will become the Super Special One! Hala Madrid! Hala Madrid!
I will start it, no?
Release him? Sure, let it fall and that's it!
Sure, Mou will be renewing the contract and everyone will be happy and that's it!
Tell me, what are the results?
Results?
Yes. How many wants me to release him?
Did I write it?
I am not saving data only from making them up!
But most want him to leave.
Yes, and then whom will I contract?
President, do not need polls and teterete to get the opinion of the fans of this most holy club.
Hire Vicente del Bosque!
Vicente del Bosque? I fired him! Over my dead body!
The choice was only in June.
If I employ him, I will definitely win the election.
But Del Bosque is old too.
Truth! I do not want him for nothing!
But now they called him the best trainer in the world!
Only the best come to Madrid! Viva del Bosque! Hala Madrid! Hala Madrid!